# CS-330-Graphic-and-Visualization-8-2-Journal-Submission

# 1. How do I approach designing software? What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft? What design process did you follow for your project work? How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?

The entire course has been a new journey of design. Prior to this course, I have had no experience with implementing code for a 3D design. I believe the biggest skill that has helped me was learning the best methods for problem solving. Although each week was a struggle, the number one skill that I used to help craft this project was problem solving. The design process that I used was similar to the course. Develop a plan and take each part of the plan and divide it into sections that can be worked on and improved as you go. The approach that I used for this project can be applied to future work and is an essential skill to be successful. Make it simple and straightforward as possible. The more complex you make the code; the code maintenance and improvement may become more difficult. Another design approach is testing early and testing often to reduce issues at the end.

# 2. How do I approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? How did iteration factor into your development? How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?

The development approach that I used was similar to what the course uses, which is the process of iteration or milestones. Taking the design step by step, correcting mistakes, or improving the code with each iteration. Working in iterations and breaking a big project into smaller ones will make it less overwhelming. As mentioned above testing is key. Write a little bit of code and test it to ensure you don't have any syntax errors or warnings, then move forward with a little more and test again. With each milestone, you are conducting an iteration and adding to what you have already accomplished and making it better or more advanced. In my opinion, incorporating iterations in a project will help with the success of the product at the end. Keeping an open mind and taking a step at a time. 

# 3. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?

Computer science is a large field with many career paths and can be molded to meet anyone’s specific goals. It is an important step to fulfill my career needs and wants. I currently am on the track on completing my degree and there are different paths that I am interested in, such as UI/UX Design. Computational graphics and visualizations have given me an understanding what it takes to incorporate 3D objects within an application and the planning it takes to make a project successful. I can use these new planning and problem-solving skills and apply it to other assignments. Having no experience with openGL and minor knowledge in C++, I have gained a better understanding of both throughout this course that can help me apply it within my professional pathway. I do need to improve my knowledge in openGL, even if it isn't used often in my scope. Incorporating those problem-solving skills as well as the mindset to work in iterations will benefit me in the future.
